as the week's go by curiosity and the
strong urge to explore is taking the
chicks further and further from the nest
as they run the gauntlet of the colony
and enter neighboring territories the
chicks are repeatedly bullied and Harris
[Applause]
one shake has fallen victim to a vicious
assault
[Music]
although it's been blooded and is now
severely weakened the adults attack is
unrelenting this distressing behavior is
rarely witnessed so we can only
speculate why it's occurred perhaps it
shows the extreme length the pendant
will go to in order to defend their
territory
[Music]
the dead chicks sibling returns and lays
its head down on the courts as if
mourning the loss of its companion
[Music]